---
title:  "TODO List"
excerpt: "확인/공부/정리가 필요한 내용들"
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

categories:
  - tech
tags:
  - todo

last_modified_at: 2022-11-08T00:00:00-00:00
---

# 개인적으로 추가 정리/확인/공부 할 내용

## [논문 리뷰: Towards Real-Time Multi-Object Tracking](https://junhyungkang.github.io/papers/Towards_Real-Time_Multi-Object_Tracking/)
* 실험에서 비교한 QAN embedding 방법 (Yu, Fengwei, et al. "Poi: Multiple object tracking with high performance detection and appearance feature." European Conference on Computer Vision. Springer, Cham, 2016.)
* auto loss balancing에서 사용한 task-dependent uncertainty 관련 (Kendall, Alex, Yarin Gal, and Roberto Cipolla. "Multi-task learning using uncertainty to weigh losses for scene geometry and semantics." Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition. 2018.)
* CLEAR metrics (Bernardin, Keni, and Rainer Stiefelhagen. "Evaluating multiple object tracking performance: the clear mot metrics." EURASIP Journal on Image and Video Processing 2008 (2008): 1-10.)
* smooth upper bound of the triplet loss (Sohn, Kihyuk. "Improved deep metric learning with multi-class n-pair loss objective." Advances in neural information processing systems 29 (2016).)
* speculate: 1) form a theory or conjecture about a subject without firm evidence. 2)  invest in stocks, property, or other ventures in the hope of gain but with the risk of loss.
* SORT algorithm (Bewley, Alex, et al. "Simple online and realtime tracking." 2016 IEEE international conference on image processing (ICIP). IEEE, 2016.)
* Henschel, Roberto, et al. "Fusion of head and full-body detectors for multi-object tracking." Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition workshops. 2018.
* Lin, Chih-Yang, Hong-Xia Xie, and Hua Zheng. "PedJointNet: Joint head-shoulder and full body deep network for pedestrian detection."IEEE Access 7 (2019): 47687-47697.
* Lu, Ruiqi, Huimin Ma, and Yu Wang. "Semantic head enhanced pedestrian detection in a crowd."Neurocomputing 400 (2020): 343-351.
* Zhang, Yuang, et al. "Variational pedestrian detection."Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. 2021.
* Kim, Jung Uk, Sungjune Park, and Yong Man Ro. "Robust small-scale pedestrian detection with cued recall via memory learning."Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision. 2021.
* Song, Liangchen, et al. "Stacked Homography Transformations for Multi-View Pedestrian Detection."Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision. 2021.

## 기타
* lap: Linear Assignment Problem solver / cost, x, y = lap.lapjv(cost_matrix, extend_cost=True, cost_limit=thresh)
R. Jonker and A. Volgenant, "A Shortest Augmenting Path Algorithm for Dense and Sparse Linear Assignment Problems", Computing 38, 325-340 (1987)
* https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/gpu?hl=ko (tensorflow gpu 사용)
